so searching I'm crash retrieval video
footage taken in suggester there's me of
the crash retrieval site just there's
another person here this here up road
that's two people here yeah that was
million another person here at project
now they're at the site of the crash
retrieval footage there's a shot down
alien ship on the video footage there's
now a group of reptilians on the video
footage that there's a body a small
alien body has some not type of audio oh
it's very it's filmed by an associate of
ours this connects the SAS he is filmed
a good word hell and just a naked
but airfield at night he's filmed there
from about a mile away so I say he'll
three indistinct up but yeah it's not
for the very end conversation you can
see if you're examining it closely and
look at it you can see that there's a
group of beings that if you can compare
the other guy who's here over eight
twelve six foot three yeah that these
group of aliens will past and there's
towering above them that must be
eight-foot tall and they're carrying the
body away they're all work they're all
walked by the veil on clear reptilians
you know these creatures with horns now
you can make out the horns if you look
closely if you blow them to stop morons
are not huge
I just that short stops yeah short of
stubs and you can make out on the video
footage if you blow it up and keep
stopping it look closely and see the
ones on the head and as they they all
walk in perfect sync together like robot
so they will the collective can see that
you can see they're not walking human on
a walk they carry the body back to the
ship you can see their ship on the left
hand side you see I'm not generative
beam
yeah come in and then there's the fire
engine to the right and the vehicles
that's where the SAS that's where I was
on the right hand side my friend is a
pro and another two of our sessions
there stood in front of the ship now the
when the reptilians walked past my
friend you can see them if you slow it
down again look at a few times blue you
see freaks out that when they walk past
them a little shocked because they're so
close yes scary things and these they
got close you see it from a distance you
know better denial though up close
you've seen that it passes some so hard
where the those operatives the human
operative near crop passed our way back
to the reptilians where they just been
learned and it's again these little
these small cube type devices and these
kids talked of us that they do they have
many many things and they operate if I
thought yeah the character brain way say
on this particular night there was my
friend doesn't remember everything about
the operation I don't remember ever
think about it but there was something
to do we we brought this craft down with
these cubes against some kind of
particle beam-weapons
and I just end it as you can see the
craft has been shot down behind
you